ladies and gentlemen in this recommittal
con video I'm going to show you how to
get a Jade Empire working on well pretty
much steam and Windows 7 there's
basically an issue where if you try to
launch the game it will come up with a
configuration window and basically what
happens is from then on the game crashes
it just won't get past the configuration
the configuration itself will just crash
and I've tried a couple of ways to
basically fix this and the best one I
found I'll show you in a moment but I've
also tried to I'll just go back for a
moment I've tried to basically make the
configuration compatible for Windows XP
and that kind of thing it just doesn't
work for my system so there is a
slightly better way what I'll do is I'm
going to delete what I just did so I
don't like I'm just going to scroll down
and so I believe it's that one okay what
we're going to do however I'm just going
to rename that just I don't have to
worry about it there we go right all you
have to do is the following just going
to quickly delete that yep just send it
to recycle bin I'm just going to quickly
load notepad that's just off the screen
but don't worry I'm not doing anything
special all you have to do is load
notepad and then just go to save as you
can make it completely blank and then
I've already got in the like right
location for myself so you can see right
there it's in the right area so for me
that would be the drive that I'm
installed it to games Steam which is the
folder that steam is in steam apps
common so it's not your user name it's
actually the common the Jade Empire or
Jade Empire and then data and then what
you want to do is you want to type in
that name you'll I'll put it into the
description don't worry but you need to
make sure that you've got the capital S
in the capital I and you need to make
sure it's dot XML if it's a text it will
not work okay then all you need to do is
click on all files so that will
basically make sure it saves it it's a
correct file type and click Save and
obviously there's not gonna be any
information there but that's fine that's
okay
click click the X button and I'm just
going to press end and that'll bring us
all the way down to the bottom and you
can see right there you've got system
information dot XML and that will
basically allow you to load up Jade
Empire I don't know if the configuration
works I've actually tested that was a
bit silly I should have done that before
the video but nevertheless you can get
into the game you can configurable
controls and and the graphics options
for moving the game these for me are so
that's cool so yeah that's how you get
it working on Steam / windows 7 it's
quick its dirty but it works so
hopefully for those of you who are
having issues with this game it's really
good by the way so I encourage you to
buy it still even if you've been certain
yeah this is basically how you fix it so
anyway hopefully you guys have found the
video helpful and I'll see you around
soon bye for now